Aditya Kulshrestha Ó +91 78408 69129 R hello@adikul.dev
® adikul.dev ¯ /in/adikul358  /adikul358
Education
SRM Institute of Science and Technology Kattankulathur, IN
Bachelor’s of Technology, Computer Science and Engineering with Software Engineering 2023 – 2027
CGPA: 9.5/10
Experience
Skilzen Bengaluru, IN (Remote)
Project Head Jun 2022 – Aug 2022
■ Led team of 8 developer interns and established Git version control guidelines.
■ Migrated the product’s codebase from JavaScript to TypeScript for large scale type safety and type documentation.
■ Worked closely with the founder to plan project timelines.
■ Developed automated CI/CD pipelines using Github Actions.
Backend Engineer Intern May 2022 – Jun 2022
■ Wrote the backend for an ed-tech website using Next.js, Directus, and MySQL.
■ Designed database schemas for multiple products using MySQL Workbench.
■ Setup and maintained Directus and Ghost headless CMS for the content writers.
■ Designed and deployed AWS architecture for multiple production and internal programs using EC2, RDS, and R53.
■ Worked with the frontend team to adhere designs to modern web design guidelines.
Shiv Nadar School Noida, IN
Lead Web Developer Jun 2020 – Out 2020
■ Developed a website to digitise the school’s annual national arts festival using Express, Handlebars, and Semantic UI.
■ Co-designed an exhaustive design system to collate the festival’s colours and fonts using Figma.
■ Setup a CI pipeline using Bash and Cron jobs on Ubuntu Server.
■ Setup a mail server using Postfix, Dovecot, and Gmail IMAP for official communications for multiple teams.
Full Stack Developer Aug 2019 – Aug 2019
■ Developed a website to conduct weekly quizzes by the STEM club using Bootstrap, PHP, and MySQL.
■ Developed a secure admin dashboard to evaluate student performances and add questions using JavaScript and JSCharts.
Projects
CINTEL VLabs | JavaScript, HTML Canvas, CSS Jan 2024 – Feb 2024
■ VLabs provides students a virtual demonstration of producer-consumer programming design.
■ Generates canvas graphics according to count and delay parameters and provides practice questions.
■ Developed under Department of Computational Intelligence, SRMIST in collaboration with IIT Madras.
ChocoLush | React Native, Swift, Java, Medusa, TypeScript Jun 2023 – Jul 2023
■ Architected a complete digital solution for a family chocolatier business.
■ Developed a cross-platform mobile app for selling products using React Native and Medusa; and a website using Next.js.
■ Designed a brand identity with a refreshed logo using Figma.
VEL | Python, Flask, React, ICS, TailwindCSS Jun 2021 – Nov 2021
■ VEL is a web app that generates ICS files students can import into their digital calendar.
■ Converts Excel sheet timetables in the school’s template to ICS files according to students’ classes.
■ Provides students well-organised classes with native calendar support such as push notifications and online meeting links.
Certifications
Postman API Fundamentals Student Expert, Postman Oct 2023
AWS Academy Graduate - AWS Academy Cloud Architecting, AWS Academy Oct 2023
AWS Academy Graduate - AWS Academy Cloud Foundations, AWS Academy Oct 2023
Google Cloud Computing Foundations: Infrastructure in Google Cloud, Google Sep 2023
Google Cloud Computing Foundations: Cloud Computing Fundamentals, Google Sep 2023
Technical Skills
Languages: TypeScript, JavaScript, Python, C, C++, Bash, LaTeX
Frameworks: NextJS, React, React Native, Node.js, Flask, TailwindCSS,
Developer Tools: Git, AWS, Google Cloud Platform, VS Code, Figma, Postman, Ubuntu Server, Clion




Neel Bhalla
Interests in Web Application, Cloud and Distributed Systems,
Robotics, and Machine Learning
NeelBhallaBos@gmail.com
(978) 831 8115
Linkedin ⇗ NeelBhalla2021
GitHub ⇗ ashdawngary
EXPERIENCE
Chewy, Boston, MA Feb 2023 - Present
Software Engineer 1
Worked within the Customer Service Vertical for the CSR Buddy team, a full
stack application that provides Customer Service Reps with the ability to
check, service, and perform actions for Chewy Customer Accounts.
Participated in the agile process, working on tickets and epics. Architected
new pages and functionality from new integration points such as Chewy’s
VAMS (Veterinary Management System) and Account Systems (for Social
Logins). The new pages equipped CSR with more data decreasing vet-diet
based contact transfer rates by 26%. Wrote unit tests with
jest+react-testing-library to increase code coverage from (45% to 65%),
decreasing tech debt. Also architected the b layer touchpoints which provide
the front-end data.
Managed and Deployed releases to the Alpha Production Environment as a
Release manager, working with Jenkins, AWS (ECS), and terraform.
Performed bookkeeping of tickets and feature flags through confluence and
validated Releases as non breaking through datadog and splunk.
Architected and implemented NMA-Chat, a mobile solution for facilitating
chats with Chewy Mobile within the App through a hybrid experience. The
application was architected with Typescript and Next.JS, embedded in the
mobile platform as a hybrid experience. The application, to be deployed by
late November, is forecasted to service nearly 3,000 chats per day with
customers through the mobile ingress point alone.
Raytheon Technologies, Tewskbury, MA June 2022 - Aug 2022
Summer Intern
Worked for the Systems Integration and Test Group with Security Clearance.
Developed object oriented radar tools in Lua, Matlab. Tested and verified
tools against requirements using Jenkins (CI/CD).
Chewy, Boston, MA Jan 2022 - June 2022
SDE Co-op
Work in an agile development environment, collaborating with Backend and
QA teams to develop web apps for the Shelter and Rescue team. Developed
Vue components to improve user experience. Used Datadog and Splunk for
application monitoring and debugging. Deployed features in a Jenkins (CI/CD)
pipeline. Developed backend features in Java Spring Boot framework.
Developed a web-based AR application that allows users to view select Chewy
products embedded in 3D space via WebXR and Three.js. Developed
functionality to rotate and move the object and implemented UI links to
Product Display pages.
EDUCATION
University of Illinois,
Urbana-Champaign
Grainger College of Engineering
M.S. Computer Science
Expected, May 2024
Northeastern University, Boston MA
Khoury College of Computer Sciences
B.S. Computer Science and Mathematics
and Minor: Robotics Engineering
Sep 2020 - Dec 2022
.
SKILLS
Languages: Typescript, Javascript, Java spring
boot, Terraform, C++, Matlab
Familiar: RUST
Databases: MySQL, postgresql
Frontend Frameworks: Vue, React, Next,js,
Nest.js, Three.js
Frameworks: Bootstrap, Angular, Django,
Spring Boot, Jest, Docker
App Development : Xcode (IOS), Android
Studio (Android)
Agile Tools - Confluence, JIRA, Github(Issues
+ Actions)
Software Development Tools - Datadog,
Splunk, Postman, BitBucket, Github, Scrum,
Jenkins, Selenium Webdriver, Web tools,
Gitlab
ML Frameworks - Graphlab, TensorFlow
Hardware - Raspberry Pi, ARM, Arduino,
Android controller
Communication Protocol - TCP/IP, I2C
AWARDS
Winner, Congressional App Challenge, 2018
Platinum Rank in USA Computing Olympiad,
2018-2019
Codeforces Expert Rank (1688), 2018
Hacker Cup, Qualification Round(274th), 2021
Dean List, Northeastern University, 2021
Winner, FTC Robotics World Championship,
2018
Northeastern University, Boston, MA Sep 2021 - Present
Sandbox Software Developer
Developed Khoury Office web application React, Next.Js frontend and Nest.Js
bankend. Designed to enhance the student online office hours experience.
Developed test automation suite in Jest and Cypress frameworks.
Northeastern University, Boston, MA Jan 2021 - Present
Head Teaching Assistant
Teaching Assistant for CS 2500 (Computer Fundamentals) and CS 3800
Theory of Computation Course. Mentored and answered questions to help
students conceptualize the course content.
Raytheon Technologies, Tewskbury, MA June 2021 - August 2021
Summer Intern
Worked for the Systems Integration and Test Group with Security Clearance.
Developed object oriented radar tools in Lua, Matlab. Tested and verified
tools against requirements using Jenkins (CI/CD).
Oneso Technology, Burlington, MA June 2020 -March 2021
Software Developer
Implemented file readers for Xpatch ( a radar simulation tool ) in Python.
Developing machine learning experiments to identify targets in radar images.
Modern Smiles Dental Care, Burlington, MA Sep 2019 - June 2020
IT Staff
Maintained machines, network, printers and software at a Dental office.
Debugged and fixed IT issues as needed.
Draper, Cambridge, MA July 2018 - Aug 2018
Summer Intern
Developed software for the Snapdragon Drone UAV. Software was developed
in Python/Tkinter on Linux and communicated with the ROS on the UAV.
PROJECTS
Northeastern CS Research, Boston, MA Oct 2021 - Present
Working with Prof. Octavia Camps to research neural network modules for
Computer Vision Systems. The research seeks to develop a set of structured
layers to current deep architectures, designed using dynamical systems
theory and statistics fundamentals, which capture spatio-temporal
information across multiple scales.
MIT CS Prime Research, Cambridge, MA Jan 2019 - Aug 2020
Developing distributed end-to-end tracing algorithms for root cause analysis
of cloud based applications using timely data flow and graph abstraction.



Nityam Sharma
Flutter Developer
nityamsharma02@gmail.com +919056282368 linkedin.com/in/nityamsharma-cse
https://github.com/SharmaNityam
Profile
I'm a smart and eager student with a passion for
computer science, driven by the art of transforming
imaginative concepts into practical and user-centered
solutions. Currently immersing myself in learning
Flutter, I am enthusiastic about gaining hands-on
experience and contributing to real-world projects. My
approach is rooted in attentiveness, receptiveness, and
a genuine excitement to collaborate on finding effective
and actionable solutions to present-day challenges.
Education
SRM Institute of Science & Technology, B.Tech CSE
Secured 9.05/10.00 CGPA in First Semester
Professional Experience
Kreative Tech, Flutter Developer Intern
Hands-on experience in mobile app development,
with a keen focus on seamlessly integrating APIs and
crafting robust, production-grade applications for
optimal user experience.
Skills
App development
Flutter
Backend development
Firebase
Other tools
Figma | VS Code
Languages
C | C++ | Python | HTML | CSS
Volunteering
Dbug Labs, Associate Lead
Building projects and workshops in app dev domain,
ensuring alignment with goals, and maintaining
quality standards.
Projects
Grocery App
Developed a dynamic grocery store mobile application
using Flutter, providing users with an intuitive
platform to browse and purchase groceries
effortlessly. Implemented state-of-the art features
including real-time cart updates and a visually
appealing user interface.
E-commerce Sneaker Shop App
The E-commerce Sneaker Shop app is a mobile
application designed to simplify sneaker shopping.
Using Flutter and Provider, it offers seamless crossplatform compatibility. Users can browse, add items to
the cart, and checkout effortlessly.
To Do App
A flutter app leveraging GetX for state management,
designed for efficient note-taking. Allows users to
create, update, and delete notes, with persistent
storage for seamless user experience.
NFT App
Developed using Flutter, this NFT Explorer app
simplifies the exploration of Non-Fungible Tokens
(NFTs) with intuitive navigation and visually appealing
card layouts. Users can effortlessly browse through
trending and recent NFT collections, gaining insights
into digital assets with ease. The app facilitates
seamless note-taking, allowing users to create,
update, and delete notes, ensuring a smooth and
efficient user experience.
Hackathon
Genesis Hackathon, TPHxSRM
During a recent hackathon, I crafted two cutting-edge
applications. The first, leveraging Flutter, offers a
seamless integration of Metamask functionality,
empowering users with a secure platform for
Ethereum transactions and interactions presented
through an intuitive interface.
Additionally, I developed a cryptocurrency wallet
management application that ensures robust security
measures for token generation, verification, and
transactions. This app also provides users with
comprehensive insights into their wallet assets,
including NFTs, further enhancing their digital asset
management experience.



Shaurya Singh Srinet
Software Development Engineer
shauryasrinet@gmail.com 9999847323 Chennai, IN Portfolio Linkedin
Github
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Stick & Dot, AI/ML Developer
December 2023 – present | Bengaluru, IN
•Spearheading AI/ML projects, leveraging
cutting-edge technologies to drive innovation.
ONEMi.in (Kissht.com), Data Analytics Intern
February 2023 – May 2023 | Mumbai, IN
•Analyzed user data to determine loan types,
delinquency rates, and segmentation based on
various criteria. Also, compared ticket size and
loan frequency with industry standards for
strategic insights.
•Led the conversion of an R project to Python,
enhancing team compatibility and efficiency.
The Sparks Foundation,
IoT & Computer Vision Intern
April 2022 – May 2022 | Singapore, SG
•Applied expertise in areas including image
processing, object detection, and sensor
integration.
PROJECTS
Human Detector
Developed a versatile Python-based tool for realtime human detection and counting using the
Faster R-CNN Inception v2 model.
Smart Classroom for SRM Tech Park
Developed an IoT-driven building solution toward
an energy-automated environment.
LifeLink
Developed a pivotal platform for managing and
streamlining the organ donation and transplant
process.
EDUCATION
B. Tech CSE with specialization in IoT, SRM
Institute of Science and Technology,
Kattankulathur
2021 – present | Kattankulathur, IN
CGPA - 9.39
SKILLS
Internet of Things
Sensors | Protocols | Networks | AWS IoT | IoT
Security | Edge Computing
AI/ML
Tensorflow | Keras | OpenCV | Deep Learning |
Data Analytics | NLP
DevOps
AWS | Terraform | Ansible | Kubernetes | Docker |
CI/CD | Jenkins
Languages
Python | C | C++ | SQL | HTML | JavaScript
Other
MySQL | Flask | Node.js | DSA| Prompt
Engineering
HACKATHONS AND COMPETITIONS
IoT Expo'23, ASEAN-India Science, Technology
& Innovation Cooperation
Won 3rd prize in successfully creating a smart
dustbin revolutionizing smart waste management
of our college.
HackTrix Hackathon, IEEE SRM SB
Won Special Prize - "Best Product Design" for
developing a real-time sign language translation
application



Education
SRM Institute of Science & Technology, B.tech CSE
CGPA - 9.34
Professional Experience
Ionio.ai, Software Development Engineer
•Involved in mobile application development projects
which are mainly SaaS in nature. My job is mainly to
integrate ML models with the mobile apps and do the
backend of the same.
Climec Labs, SDE Intern
•Developed Flutter-based IoT app for air purifiers,
enabling users to remotely control their devices and
monitor air quality.
Swift Money, SDE Intern
•Involved in the design and development of their own
application which is a finance advisor app in nature.
Pregamate, App Development Intern
•Maintaining the iOS version of the official app
The Deeva, Full Stack App Developer
•Involved in developing their new project's app version.
Leading a team of 3 development interns.
•Developing the application using Flutter and Supabase.
TechRange, iOS Development Intern
•I was involved in testing their existing application by
utilizing concepts of unit testing. I used XCTest
Framework for the same
Projects
SignWave, SwiftUI | Flutter | Firebase
•A sign language translator that takes video as input and
uses machine learning to recognize signs, converting
them into text.
Lupus.ai, Flutter | Supabase
•Lupus AI is a state-of-the-art financial protection system.
Our mission is to revolutionize fraud detection and
prevention, ensuring the safety and security of your
hard-earned wealth.
Faded Flavours, SwiftUI | Mongo DB
• The platform is user-friendly and provides an easy way
for users to access lost recipes. Users can search for
recipes based on various criteria.
TymPe, Flutter | Supabase
•Experience seamless tracking of time, efficient
budgeting, and scheduled payment reminders, all
wrapped in a beautifully designed user interface.
Skills
App Development
Flutter | SwiftUI | React Native | Kotlin
Backend Development
NodeJS | MongoDB | Firebase | Supabase | Appwrite
Web Development
ReactJS | NextJS | AstroJS | ThreeJS
Other Tools
Figma | VS Code | Xcode | Linux | Prompt Engineering
Languages
C | C++ | Python | HTML | CSS | Javascript | DS Algo
Volunteering
Dbug Labs SRM, Founder & Technical Lead
Handling the whole student community's operations as
well as projects being done under all the domains. Working
on outsourced projects too.
Microsoft Learn Student Ambassadors SRM,
Technical Lead
Building projects and workshops, ensuring alignment with
goals, and maintaining quality standards. I mentor
members, facilitate skill development through workshops,
manage resources.
The Product House SRMIST, App Development Lead
Involved in several opensource projects, also training all
the newbies with the latest technologies to implement in
app development.
Swift Coding Club SRM, App Development Lead
Involved in several opensource projects, also training all
the newbies with the latest technologies to implement in
app development.
GenY SRM, App Developer
Involved in projects of the community, also involved in
inter-domain projects.
Hackathons & Competitions
Portfolio Hacks, MLH
Participated in the hackathon, and developed a project on
finance and money asset management as well as a fraud
detection system. Also, we made this app totally with the
help of opensource stacks like Supabase & stuff.
Layer 0, Blockchain Club SRM
Participated in the Hackathon and made signwave, an
extraordinary sign language to audio converter
Bon Hacketit, MLH
Participated in the hackathon & developed a project called
which helps people to find lost recipes with the help of an
app.
Shinjan Patra
Software Development Engineer
Chennai, IN srikpatra.2008@gmail.com Github Linkedin
2022 – Present | Kattankulathur, IN
Nov 2023 – present | Delaware, US
Jul 2023 – Sep 2023 | Chennai, IN
Jun 2023 – Sep 2023 | Pune, IN
Jun 2023 – Jul 2023 | Delhi, IN
Apr 2023 – present | Chennai, IN
Mar 2023 – May 2023 | Bangalore, IN


Surya Mallikarjuna Shivaji Balijepalli 	Email: bsmshivaji94@gmail.com
Contact Number: +91-9618187761
EDUCATION
•	Indian Institute of Technology	Jammu, India
Master of Technology - Computer Science & Engineering	June 2019 - June 2021

•	Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Technology	Hyderabad, India
Bachelor of Technology - Computer Science & Engineering	September 2012 - May 2016
SKILLS SUMMARY
•	Languages: Python 3.x, Java
•	Test Automation Frameworks: Robot, Pytest
•	Database Querying Languages: MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server
•	Data Analytics Tools: Microsoft Excel
•	Containerization Tools: Kubernetes, Docker
•	Operating System Environments: Linux, Open Networking Linux, Windows, Junos, OcNOS
•	Networking Devices: Spirent Traffic Generator, Juniper Switches, Delta Switches
•	Networking Protocols: TCP/IP, UDP, DHCP, IGMP, PPPoE, NETCONF, LACP,VLAN,L2/L3 Networking
•	Optical Network Hardware: Optical Line Termination units - Edgecore,Tibit, Optical Network Unit - Alpha
•	Networking Devices: Spirent Traffic Generator, Juniper Switches, Delta Switches
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
•	Fujistu Research of India Private Limited	Bengaluru
Assistant Software Developer - QA team, Fujitsu Network Communications	December 2022 - Present
◦	Test Case Development & Test Strategy Planning:
∗ Delved into the technical specifications of the Non-Real Time Radio Access Network Intelligent Controller (Non-RT RIC) to comprehend the functionalities of the R1 interface, A1 interface, as well as the O1 and O2 interfaces, Service Management and Exposure (SME) and Data Management and Exposure (DME).
∗ Engaged and led discussions with product owners and developers to understand the scope of development.
∗ Engaged and led discussions among the Quality Assurance team members to plan the test case development and test strategy.
∗ Ensured successful completion of test case development within timelines, presented the developed test cases to individual module owners and developers.
∗ Collaborated and communicated effectively regarding the testing expectations from every feature.
∗ Engaged in design discussions to gain insights into the planned implementation of the feature.
∗ Obtained good understanding of the components and use cases of Non-RT RIC and, effective testing methodologies.
◦	Test Automation - API Automation Testing:
∗ Developed a scalable and efficient test automation framework for API testing using Robot Framework and Python.
∗ Developed test automation scripts in Robot Framework to comprehensively assess the APIs of the R1 interface, A1 interface, O1 and O2 interface, as well as Data Management Exposure (DME) within the realm of Non-RT RIC. These scripts were specifically designed to rigorously validate both positive and negative scenarios.
∗ Developed several supporting functions in Python intended to seamlessly integrate with the Robot Framework.
∗ Performed extensive integration testing, scale testing and system testing.
∗ Devised scripts for generating mock data related to alarm and performance metrics.
∗ Achieved a remarkable reduction in testing time, transitioning from multiple man-days to a matter of minutes.
∗ Identified and raised multiple defects using JIRA and, ensured test coverage of at least 98% .
∗ Created and tested the product in an extensive range of negative and abnormal test scenarios, effectively communicating the anticipated product behavior to ensure smooth and effective handling of such situations.

•	Sterlite Technologies	Gurgaon
Developer - Verification Engineering	August 2021 - December 2022
◦	Feature Verification and Validation:
∗ Performed manual testing of every feature of the pFTTx (Programmable Fiber To The X) product.
∗ Identified as key resource in verifying and validating network statistics, Quality of Service (QoS) parameters, Actionable Policy feature.
∗ Participated in designing test plans and test schedules for regression testing for every validation cycle of the product.
∗ Co-ordinated with my team members to maintain at least 95 percentage test coverage.
 
∗ Verified and Validated end-to-end physical hardware setup by checking the PPPoE session establishment in Spirent Traffic Generator.
∗ Worked extensively on Layer 02 switches of Juniper, Delta to check interface status, VLAN mappings between xe and ge ports by using switch commands.
∗ Examined the PADI, PADO packets using Wireshark for troubleshooting.
∗ Gained good understanding of IEEE 802.1ad, IEEE 802.1Q
◦	Software Development:
∗ Led a team of 2 developers for the backend development of Diagnostics feature in the pFTTx (Programmable Fiber To The X) product.
∗ Participated in API testing of the RESTful APIs through Python.
∗ Developed Python scripts to parse highly complex JSON responses to extract information for OLT diagnostics, Subscriber diagnostics, ONU diagnostics.
∗ Performed extensive unit and integration testing.
∗ Delivered code-fixes for gaps identified in JSON responses of the RESTful APIs.
◦	Automation:
∗ Automated the periodic collection and parsing of logs, memory statistics, running process statistics of the OLT devices.
∗ Developed Python scripts to login into the CLI of remote OLT devices by using SSH, Paramiko.
∗ Logs, memory statistics, running process statistics are collected by executing commands in the ONL (Open Network Linux) environment of the OLT.
∗ Collected logs are parsed to get the most recent information.
∗ This feature helped in increasing the effectiveness of the product, by reducing manual efforts in log parsing.
•	Broadridge Financial Solutions	Hyderabad
Implementations Analyst (Full-time)	June 2016 - September 2017
◦	Product Implementations:
∗ Building prototype for desired reconciliation system and demonstrating proof of concept, building end to end transaction reconciliation system as per business requirements,client interaction and modifications of the reconciliation system
∗ Used Microsoft SSIS to perform extraction, transformation and loading of data from huge text files into Microsoft SQL Server Database.
∗ Worked extensively to develop SQL queries, stored procedures to query, modify and analyze the transactional and financial data.
◦	Quality-Assurance & Testing:
∗ Quality assurance encompassing deployment and testing, identification of bugs, performing root cause analysis, and orchestrating production deployment for a successful go-live.
◦	Post go-live activities:
∗ Daily runs of to be reconciled financial data, post reconciliation analysis, knowledge transfer and hand-over to support team.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
•	Capturing variations in COVID-19 R0
July 2020 - June 2021
◦	The project is aimed at estimating the value of basic reproduction number R0 of COVID-19 and observe its variations in view of changing levels of Non-Pharmaceutical Interventions in the U.T Jammu & Kashmir.
◦	A novel approach for parameter estimation of compartmental models using Genetic Algorithms & Meta-Heuristic Optimization techniques has been conceived and implemented from scratch in Python.
◦	Gradient free approach for optimization is explored by using meta-heuristic optimization technique, Particle Swarm Optimization & genetic algorithm, Differential evolution.
◦	The value of R0 was estimated and its variations were captured.
◦	The project is aimed at fulfilling research gap as per Compositional cyber-physical epidemiology of COVID-19. Sci Rep 10, 19537 (2020). Authored by Ro, J.W., Allen, N., Ai, W. et al.
◦	Research Project for Post-Graduate Thesis. Guided by Prof. Manoj Singh Gaur & Dr. Yamuna Prasad.
